Let's look at something called Skip sequences an escape sequence is basically a Carriker preceded by
a backslash it helps in using certain special characters in stringin character literals.
We know that staying in character letters represent x but to include certain special characters we need
to use the corresponding escape sequences.
On here are the eight as give sequences the Djala supports the first five which are emphasized in green
are probably the only ones you will ever use.
So let's not worry about the last three the fastest Gip sequence is for inserting a double chord.
Second is for inserting a single chord.
Third one is for inserting a newline Fortius for inserting it up and first as for inserting it back
slash yourself.
So what you see here are the only valid escape sequences so you follow the backslash with any other
character other than what you see here.
Then you get a compiler
however you can follow a backslash with you -- and followed by some hexadecimal number to represent
the Unicode number.
We already know this from our discussion on characters.
This particular Unicode number Bentz character in uppercase.
However if you have just a backslash followed by you get down to following Unico number then we get
a compiler error.
Finally just know that it is not required to use an escape sequence to insert a double quote getting
a character written so you can use it directly.
You can still use an escape sequence if you want to but it's not just mandatory similarly does not require
to use an escape sequence to insert a single court within a string Latron OK let me know pull up my
Eclipse and we can look at the first five or skip sequences.
OK here we are in the basics to a class in the main matter.
And here we are declaring a string Esben and it is initialized with the string letter.
Hello Mr. John.
How are you.
And we are simply printing a string here and here we have a variable s2 which is of type quarterly and
it is initialized with the text.
Hello.
So let me just run this so it prints the string here.
Now let's if you want to insert or double quotes here we want to gross this text Mr. double quotes.
So as soon as I entered the court here we can see that we have a compiler error.
Ok so since it's a special Carriker we need to skip it by inserting a backslash.
Same here.
Now let me compiled or let me just say it.
And now when I run it you can see that the text Mr is enclosed in double quotes.
Now let's try a single quote here.
And the second declaration.
So if I put a single course here if I replace each with a single court it gives a compiler error.
So because single quotes is a special character.
And so you need to skip it.
So that's good.
Now let's say if you want to insert a double quote here you can either do this.
You can escape it are like like we like men like we mentioned earlier.
You can just put the double use of double quote Also it's fine.
OK.
The same goes here also so you can use either a single code display by skipping order you can just use
a single code directly if it does it string letter.
OK.
So we already discussed that.
Now let's say we want to insert a newline here so just put a new line on Iran.
As you can see how are you as in the second line.
Now if you want to insert a tab here just put a slash beat and as you can see there isn't Hardies on
top here.
OK.
So how does Underdark sort of especially useful if you're writing somebody who files iron especially
if you're writing some product based off for example.
So you might help out I mean a description and other stuff product you order and stuff like that.
So that kind of data you might find useful to use tops over there.
So that's just one example.
Let's see if you want to replace this with a backslash.
Then you can just put do backslashes here I skip sequence one a backslash and as you can see there is
a backslash here.
So those are the only main ones which you will most frequently use the double chords single chords new
line tab on a backslash.
OK.
And that's about it.
Understand that is to escape sequences.
Thank you.